[Event Hubs] updated README with install steps for azure-identity and aiohttp (#16215)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/eventhub/azure-eventhub/README.md

[TokenCredential](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/blob/master/sdk/core/azure-core/azure/core/credentials.py)
protocol. There are implementations of the `TokenCredential` protocol available in the
[azure-identity package](https://pypi.org/project/azure-identity/). The host name is of the format `<yournamespace.servicebus.windows.net>`.

> - To use the `TokenCredential` type, or other credential types provided with the Azure SDK, please install the `azure-identity` package:
> 
> ```pip install azure-identity```
> 
> - Additionally, to use the async API supported on Python 3.5+, please install the async transport [`aiohttp`](https://pypi.org/project/aiohttp/):
> 
> ```pip install aiohttp```
> 

Reviewer: nitpicky: I don't think the blank lines are needed?
also tweak the words a bit, just want to be clear on that `TokenCredential` is a protocol which is not a concrete credential class, and aiohttp is one option for async transport support, users could have install other async transport lib.

```suggestion
- To use the credential types provided by `azure-identity`, please install the package:
```pip install azure-identity```
- Additionally, to use the async API supported on Python 3.5+, you must first install an async transport, such as [`aiohttp`](https://pypi.org/project/aiohttp/):
```pip install aiohttp```
```
